.
- Lilly, is there something
else you want to say?
- It was Aaron and Veronica.
They took me.
She's not my sister.
- Veronica, wait!
- Looks like
some kind of temple.
Long-range walkie-talkie.
This is what my radar
was picking up.
- You really think whoever's
on the other end of that
can help us fix your plane?
- They flew down here.
Maybe they have parts
we can use.
Gavin's visions are real.
Everything that he's seen
these past few years
have been glimpses
of this world.
- When will we leave?
- Tonight.
- What is this place?
- This is where the survivors
of the La Brea sinkhole settled
in 10,000 B.C.
- "Gavin, tonight, the light
that connects our worlds
"started to close.
"Just know that,
in my heart,
"I am so sorry
for doubting you.
I should have believed you
all along."
- Eve. Hey. Hey, hey, hey.
Please. Whoa.
Hey, can we talk about this?
- We already have.
We both agreed that if things
weren't better by now,
that the kids and I were gonna
spend the summer in LA.
- Okay, we did.
But I changed my mind.
- Gavin.
- You're breaking up
our family?
- Don't put this on me.
You haven't been sober for over
a week in the last three years.
The kids deserve better.
I deserve better.
- You're--you're right.
Just--just tell me
what I have to do.
Tell me what you need from me.
- I need--
I need my husband back.
I need the man
I fell in love with.
I need the--the person
who always made me feel safe.
- I want that too.
Eve, if I could just figure out
what these things are I see,
why they're happening to me,
then I can turn it around.
You just have to trust me.
- I got to go.
I got to go get the kids.
- Hey.
Eve, I'm gonna find my way
back to you.
I promise.
- Scott, what are you doing?
- Trying to calculate how long
until that light's gone.
- With your finger?
- Take a look.
It started closing
about three hours ago, right?
Well, since then,
it's gotten smaller
by one of my fingernails.
My index finger is
about seven fingernails long.
So by that calculation,
we got about 18 hours left
until we're stuck
down here forever.
- I really wish
I hadn't asked.
- So you're telling me
Lilly was kidnapped?
- That's right.
- We have to talk to Veronica.
- I tried.
She ran off into the woods.
And if she doesn't
come back soon,
we have to go look for her.
- Oh, hey.
You think that's a good idea?
There's a seriously
pissed off group of locals
who aren't happy
we're down here.
- We can't just leave her
out there by herself.
- I agree,
but right now,
our top priority
needs to be getting home.
- Mom.
- The light's closing.
Everyone's freaking out.
What are we gonna do?
- I don't know.
But we're not
gonna give up, okay?
We're gonna find a way home.
- What's going on?
I wrote a letter
to your dad and Izzy.
And--and I buried it,
hoping they would find it,
let everybody know we're alive,
send another plane
before the portal closes.
- What are you talking about?
- Okay.
Um, Josh, there's something
I need you to know
about your dad
and the things he sees.
They're real.
And he can see us here.
- You think Dad can see us?
- I know it's hard
to believe, but--
- Yeah, 'cause it's insane.
- I thought so too.
But it's true.
- Even if it is,
when's the last time
he came through for us
on anything?
- This is Levi Delgado
of the United States Air Force.
If anyone can hear this,
please respond.
- Oh, man.
Why bother?
- I say again,
this is Captain Levi Delgado
of the U.S. Air Force.
If anyone can hear this,
please respond.
- Hello?
Jonathan, is that you?
- Hello.
This is Captain Levi Delgado.
Who is this?
- This is First Sergeant
Engineer Diana Hoskins,
United States Air Force.
- We got something!
We got something!
- Quiet, quiet!
- Quiet! Shh!
- That--that radio belonged
to my friend.
Is he with you?
- I'm sorry, but your friend
didn't make it.
Diana, I know
about the Mojave mission.
I was sent here
to rescue you,
but my plane crashed
and my engine's damaged.
I need to repair it.
Can you help me?
- Maybe.
I'm in Santa Monica,
on the beach.
- Did she say Santa Monica?
- Shh.
- Diana, you're breaking up.
Can you say again?
- Near a large
rock formation--
- Diana?
Hello? Hello?
I lost the signal.
I need to go find her.
- She said Santa Monica.
That's miles away.
- The light
could be gone by then.
- Yeah.
- You can take the Jeep.
I finally got it started.
- Then we leave now.
- I'm going with you.
- Wait, wait. Hold on.
It's not like
you can just hop on the ten.
How are you gonna get there?
- Compass and the stars.
Just like they taught us
in basic.
- For what it's worth,
I'm pretty sure
it's mostly flat wetlands
to the ocean.
so, you know,
if you can avoid a saber-tooth,
you should be good.
- Let's get going.
- Mom.
- Josh, I know we still have
a lot to talk about.
- Just be careful.
- We're gonna get out of here.
- Oh, hey. Look.
Look, Levi.
There it is.
That's the rock formation.
She's gotta be
around here somewhere.
- Where is she?
- I don't know.
- Turn around slowly.
- Diana, it's okay.
I'm Levi, and this is Eve.
We spoke on the walkie.
- What did you do to Jonathan?
- We didn't do anything.
- Don't lie to me!
- I'm not lying to you.
We found him in a fort
deep in the forest.
He was dead
when we got there.
- Diana, I need
to show you something.
I'm gonna reach
in my pocket, okay?
Diana, this is you
and the Mojave team.
- Where did you get that?
- Dr. Sophia Nathan
gave it to me.
- Sorry.
You spend enough time
down here,
you learn to see everything
as a threat.
- You said you might be able
to fix our plane.
Do you think
it's still possible?
- Maybe.
Come with me.
- I was told that you and your
team came through the Mojave.
How did you end up
in Los Angeles?
- The portal
we came in through closed,
so we went looking
for another way out.
But we got caught in the storm,
crashed on the beach.
Two of our crew died,
including our pilot.
- What about
the rest of them?
- We split up, trying
to find another way home.
Eventually, Jonathan and I
settled here.
And when we saw
your plane come down,
he went looking for you,
but he never came back.
You said
your engine was damaged.
Have you identified
the problem?
- Bleeding air
from the compressor.
- You check the axial?
- Uh-huh.
- Must be the pneumatic system.
That's good news.
Ours is still intact.
I think I can fix your plane.
.
- Gavin, we need
to get to my plane now.
- Please, go save them.
- That's not gonna happen.
So you found the clearing,
Rebecca.
Care to explain
how you did that?
- Not really.
And this is
private property,
so I hope
you have a warrant.
- I told you
to let this go.
- The light in the sinkhole
is closing.
- I know.
We've been tracking it.
- Then you'll know that,
by tomorrow, it'll be gone.
Okay? We still have time
to save 'em.
- Dr. Aldridge.
We found something.
And trust me,
you're gonna wanna see this.
The wreckage just appeared
in a section of the clearing
we already excavated.
- What does he mean
just appeared?
- What kind of wreckage?
- A plane.
- That's Levi's plane.
- Jesus, you're right.
But he flew down
two days ago.
Why did it just appear?
- Good question.
Do we have GPR
in the area?
- Yeah.
- Oh, no.
- What's wrong?
- This is
ground-penetrating radar.
There are multiple bodies.
- Levi must have tried
to fix the plane,
tried to fly 'em home.
But they didn't make it.
- Dad.
Dad, what if--what if
Mom and Josh were on it?
What if we're too late?
- Just yesterday,
I saw them alive, all right?
Maybe they haven't left yet.
I think we can still save 'em.
Rebecca has a plane.
You have to let me try.
- Gavin, stop.
Arrest him.
- What?
- Hey. Get off!
Get off!
- Stop. What are you doing?!
- Stand down.
- Gavin, I'm sorry,
but if something goes wrong
and there's another earthquake,
people will die.
It's over, Gavin.
- Good morning.
- Did Veronica come back?
- She didn't.
You're, um, worried about her,
aren't you?
- When Aaron took me,
I was so scared.
But Veronica was nice to me.
At night,
he kept us
in a room together.
She was the only person
I could talk to.
- Lilly.
Are you saying that
Aaron kidnapped Veronica too?
- Yes.
She's not a bad person.
We need to find her, Ty.
- Mom.
- Josh.
Everybody, this is Diana.
- Good to meet you all.
- So we have a chance
of getting out of here?
- It's possible.
- I knew I liked you
the moment you arrived.
- Hold on.
I'm not making any promises.
Diana's an engineer.
We're gonna head back
to my plane,
see if we can get it going.
I'm gonna grab some MREs.
I'll be right back.
- How long have you
been down here?
- 1,123 days.
Give or take a few.
- Do you know how long we have
till light goes away?
- The one that
I came in through,
once it started to close,
it was gone
in less than 24 hours.
- That puts it
at nightfall.
- All right.
We're ready.
- Okay.
- Plane's a lot closer
than the beach,
so we shouldn't
have connection issues.
- Good.
- I'll call you
as soon
as we have any news.
- Look, I know
we're all anxious,
but we need to be
prepared to leave
as soon as Levi says
his plane is ready.
- Don't have to tell me twice.
I'll be ready to go.
- Who says you're going first?
- You trying to take my seat?
Go on.
See where that gets you.
- Hey.
I'm not getting left behind.
- All right, enough.
Nobody said anything
about anyone being left behind.
- Look, we need
to be smart about this.
Fair.
- Sam's right.
There's not enough room
for all of us on the plane,
so we're gonna have
to take multiple trips.
All right.
I say we draw names.
It's the best option
we have right now.
- All right. Everybody
write down their name.
We need to start picking now.
- Hey.
You okay, sweetheart?
- Dad, if that light closes,
Mom and Josh are
stuck down there forever.
- I'm not gonna
let that happen.
Aldridge, let me
ask you a question.
How did you know
where the clearing was?
- Gavin, that's not important
right now.
- She's full of crap, Dad.
- This isn't
how I wanted it to go, Izzy.
- How did you want it to go?
What else are you
hiding from us?
Finally.
Where have you been?
- Working on a way
to get you out of here.
- How?
- Markman was onto me.
I had to make him think
that I was on his side.
- You were the one
who gave us up.
- It was my only option.
If I didn't,
they'd have Rebecca's plane
and we'd have no way
of getting down there.
- So what's your play?
- I told Markman about
your compound in Oregon.
That's where he thinks
the plane is.
- Well done.
- How long until he figures out
it's not there?
- A couple of hours.
And we need to get you
to the ranch
before that happens.
My car's not far from here,
and I can sneak you out.
- My helicopter's ready to go.
- Hold on.
I need to get word down
to Eve and Levi,
tell them
his plane's gonna crash.
- Gavin, there really
isn't any time left.
- He could take off
at any moment.
I have to warn them.
There has to be a way
to get a message down there.
- And the next one is...
- Angela O'Brien.
- Okay. We got two more slots
for the first flight.
Next one goes to...
- Josh Harris.
- Seriously, I better be
in that seat next to you.
- Yeah.
- Come on.
- And the last spot
goes to...
Lucas Hayes.
- Nice pick, Eve.
Much appreciated.
- No way. No way, nah.
To hell with that.
Yeah, I mean,
Eve just chose her son.
I say we start over, huh?
- Oh, come on.
That's ridiculous.
- You want to start over?
- No one is repicking anything.
- Shock you'd say that.
Your son's
in the first flight too.
- Look, this is
how we're doing it.
It's not perfect, but
it's the only choice we have.
Everyone just take five.
Go for a walk, grab a drink.
Then we pick the next flight.
- Eve.
- Ty.
You going somewhere?
- Yeah.
Veronica's gone missing.
I need to go and find out.
- Ty, you can't do this alone.
You know it's too dangerous.
- Look, I--I asked the guys
to look after Lilly
while I'm gone,
but if anything happens to me,
I just want you to make sure
she gets back to her family.
Okay?
Goodbye, Eve.
Just take good care
of yourself, okay?
- All right, listen,
if you don't find Veronica
in the next couple of hours,
you get back here.
Do you hear me?
- Yes.
- Okay. I'm gonna take
the last flight out.
I'll save a seat for you.
- All right.
- Be careful.
- I will.
- Hey. Come on.
- Wait, they're about
to pick the next flight.
- They'll save your spot.
I'm not leaving my stash
out there, man.
It's worth too much.
And don't tell me you don't
remember where you buried it.
You smoke weed.
You don't have amnesia.
Now which way did you go?
- Well, it was that way,
but I don't really think--
- Okay, good.
Come on.
We don't have much time.
Let's go.
- System's reading
the new compressor.
- Looks good so far.
- Just need a minute
to calibrate.
- That's another 60 seconds
after all these years, right?
You okay?
- Yeah. I--I think
I just need a minute.
- Hey.
- What's going on?
- Anxious, I guess.
You--you mentioned
Sophia Nathan.
So you met her?
How was she?
I mean, did she seem well?
- She did.
You two were together?
- We were engaged.
These last few years, all I've
wanted is to get back to her.
And now that I might--
- You're afraid she moved on.
- The day
before I came down here,
we were making wedding plans.
We were gonna get married
on the beach.
I've thought
about that every day.
- She probably has too.
In my experience,
doesn't matter
how long you've been away
from the person you love.
Those feelings never change.
Looks like the compressor's
working just fine.
- Can't believe it.
We're going home.
- Eve, you copy?
Hey, Eve, you copy?
- This is Eve.
I copy.
- The engine's fixed.
We're getting out of here.
- We got one hell of a story
to tell Mom and Andrew.
- I can't believe it.
- I know. I know.
- Uh, what the hell is that?
.
- It's up there.
- Uncle Levi.
- What was that?
- I think it's a drone.
It looks military.
- Maybe instead of
crashing drones down here,
they could actually
send some more help.
- They were using them
to monitor the sinkhole.
One must have fall through.
- Wait a minute.
Hold on.
Look at this.
- Let me see.
- I'm getting real
"Hunger Games" vibes right now.
- What does it say?
- "Press play."
- Eve.
I got your letter.
I know the portal between
our two worlds is closing.
And I know you're trying to
fix Levi's plane to get home.
But it won't work.
We found the wreckage
from Levi's plane.
- There's no way.
- I don't know
what went wrong.
I just know
you won't make it.
I need you to promise me,
no matter what, you won't
let that plane take off.
I know it's a lot to ask
and I know it must feel like
it's your only way back to us,
but it's not.
You asked me for help.
I have a plane.
And I'm coming for you,
for Josh,
for everyone.
I won't let you down.
I just need you to trust me.
- Dude, something just
fell out of the sky.
Aren't you the least bit
curious about it?
- No. Keep going.
- Your mom's a cop.
I hear they get good pensions.
Maybe can she give you
a loan or something?
- Not an option.
- Go on, then.
- Okay. Okay.
Borrowing money from family
can be tricky.
I get it.
Clearly, you got a lot
to work out with your mom,
I mean, with you being on the
other side of the law and all.
Hey. No judgment here.
I mean, I'm the black sheep
of my family too.
Obviously,
for different reasons.
- You think
I'm the black sheep?
- Aren't you?
- Let's just say,
what I do is family business.
My dad and I,
we're partners.
- Wait, you and your dad
are drug dealers?
Wow. Your mom's, like,
the worst cop ever.
- We're done talking.
What are you doing?
- Well, I was stoned when
I came out here the first time.
Maybe if I got myself
in the same state of mind,
I might remember something.
- That's actually
not a bad idea.
Do you mind if--
- Of course.
- Thanks.
Stop being an idiot!
- What the hell, man?
Wait a minute.
Hey, this is it.
- What?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I buried it
around here.
I remember thinking it was
the spitting image of Treebeard
from the Forest of Fangorn.
Look, whatever.
The point is, man,
the weed worked.
This is it.
- Okay, hold on.
Hold on.
Your husband dug up wreckage
from a plane
that hasn't even taken off yet.
That is insane.
- Yeah, but it doesn't mean
it's not true.
And I trust him.
- And what happens
if he doesn't make it?
I just want to get home.
- Yeah.
- We all want to get home.
- I'm sorry, Eve,
but they're right.
- They found our plane, Sam.
We can't ignore that.
- We're not going to.
Gavin's message
is the best thing
that could have happened to us.
Now Diana and I
can go back
and figure out
what went wrong.
- No. That's still
too big of a risk.
- The only risk is
if we do nothing.
- I thought you were
on board with this.
- I've been here
for three years.
Everyone I came with is dead.
I'm not staying another day.
- Mom.
They've got to try.
- Now let's head back to the
plane, do a diagnostic check.
- Tony, you drive them.
We'll meet you back at the
clearing with the first group.
- Okay.
- Josh.
I can't let you
get on that flight.
- Mom, you heard Uncle Levi.
He can fix it.
- And you heard your dad.
The plane is still gonna crash.
- You honestly think
he's gonna make it down here?
- Yes, I do.
He found my ring.
He is the only reason
that people know
we're still alive down here.
Honey, I know the last
three years have been hard,
but you have to remember
the person your dad was
before his crash.
- He's not that guy anymore.
- I didn't think so either.
But that message,
that's the guy that always
came through for us.
He asked us to trust him.
We have to do that.
- You can trust him
all you want.
I'm getting on that plane.
- Josh.
.
- Veronica!
Veronica.
- No, no, no.
Put that down.
- Just leave.
- Look, you're not in trouble.
I just want to help.
- You're lying.
- Listen to me.
Levi's fixing the plane.
We're gonna get out of here.
I just want you
to come with us.
- Then what, huh?
I go to jail?
- Lilly told me the truth.
That you were a victim,
same as her.
- That's not true.
My father was a good man.
He set me free
from my old life.
- But he's gone now.
You can finally go home.
- It's too late for that.
- It's not.
Your family is still out there.
And I promise you,
they haven't given up hope
of seeing you again.
Neither should you.
- Can I have a moment
to say goodbye?
- Of course.
I'll just be over here.
- Lucas still
hasn't come back yet?
- Doesn't matter
what the situation is,
he always keeps me on my toes.
- Well, I can see
how much you love him.
- Can I help you
with something?
- Why were you so quiet
back there by the drone?
- Didn't have anything to add
to the conversation.
- The whole time
we've been down here,
you've had no problem telling
me how wrong I am until now.
I think it's because
you know I'm right about this.
- Doesn't matter
what I think.
There are 30 people here
dying to get home.
Who am I to say otherwise?
- They're all gonna die
if they get on that plane.
Josh and Lucas will die.
I know we've had
our differences,
but we both love our sons,
and we're the only ones
who are gonna save them.
- Say I consider it.
How do I know your husband's
gonna make it down here?
- You don't.
Listen, I know how crazy
all this sounds,
but Marybeth,
I need your help.
- Well, you let me know,
as soon as you find out,
who ordered this.
Hey, we got a problem.
An unauthorized drone was just
sent down into the sinkhole.
You know anything about this?
- No, sir.
But I just heard
from our people in Oregon.
- Is Aldridge's plane
in custody?
- There was no plane.
- Okay, that was Markman again.
He must know Oregon
was a dead-end.
- Then I suppose
we better hurry.
- Okay, I can have us
in the air in 15 minutes.
- How's it going over there?
- Levi's still working on it.
- First group ready to go?
- Yeah. Almost.
- Hey, Billy's looking for you.
Why don't you go check on him?
I'll see if I can hurry
things up with everyone else.
- Thanks.
That's great. Thanks.
- Where are you two going?
- We're gonna go see Levi,
make sure everything's okay.
- Hey, we'll be back soon.
- Yeah.
- You're trying to stop, Levi,
aren't you?
- Listen to me.
I'm doing this for you.
Okay, Josh?
I'm doing this for everyone.
- Mom, don't.
- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Josh.
- Engine will be at max
in less than five minutes.
- Dad.
- Hey.
- They know you're coming.
- They shoot me down,
the whole world will see it.
- What if they don't care?
- I'll make it.
Let's go.
- Damn it.
They're here.
You need to leave. Now.
- But the plane's not ready.
- Dad, what are we gonna do?
.
- Where are they?
- Who are you looking for?
- We know
there are four of you.
Where are the others?
- That is a really
good question.
Do you remember,
Dr. Nathan?
- No, I don't.
- Oh, there they are.
Listen.
I get that
this is important to you,
but I'm literally about
to have a heart attack.
And it's not that
I don't want to help you.
It's just that I actually
haven't exercised
in, like,
three or four years,
so this is a real shock
to my system.
- Don't you get tired
of being such a little bitch?
- No, Lucas.
But I do get tired
of digging holes,
and this is the third one.
And based on what Diana said,
we've got less than four hours
to get out of here.
- Give me the damn shovel.
- Sure.
- There's something here.
- That's definitely
not what I buried.
- Here. Help me.
Oh, damn. It's heavy.
Come on.
All right.
Stand back, yeah?
- Whoa.
- Damn.
- 1863?
That is not possible.
No, no. This gold is
from the American Civil War.
This shouldn't be here.
- Well, here it is, man.
It's got to be worth--
It's got to be worth
millions, right?
Dude, I'm rich!
Come on.
- I went over the engine
three times.
If there's something wrong,
I'm not seeing it.
- I think I found something.
Maybe it's not an engine issue.
Was the bypass valve
open or closed?
- Open. Why?
- This says it's closed.
The sensor must have
been damaged
when the plane
hit the ground.
The computer
would have automatically
diverted power
to take off.
- Destabilizing the engine
and causing it to crash.
You're a genius,
you know that?
- Eve, where's Tony?
He was supposed
to bring people back.
- Tony's not coming.
- Why not?
- Levi, I can't
let you do this.
- Eve, we figured out
what went wrong.
You have to believe me.
It'll fly.
- Why are we even
talking about this?
We're ready to go.
- Change of plans.
- Eve, what the hell is this?
- Levi, everyone
on that flight will die,
including you.
We have to wait for Gavin.
- I'm sorry.
We're leaving.
Head back to the clearing
and pick everyone up there.
- Stop!
- Marybeth, what are you doing?
- What I have to.
- Ten miles out.
- Okay.
- Gavin, do you copy?
- Yes, I copy.
- I have two F-15s
heading your way.
If you do not land
that plane immediately,
they will shoot you down.
- Oh, God.
- My son is on
that first flight.
So let's all just
get in the jeep.
We'll talk about it
at the clearing.
Hopefully, Eve's husband
gets here soon,
and we're all home
by dinner.
- Gavin's not coming.
He sent that drone hours ago.
He'd have been here by now.
- You don't know that.
- I get that you want
to believe in him.
This isn't gonna
change anything.
- All right, enough.
Come on, guys. Let's go.
- We're not going anywhere.
- Diana, put the gun down.
- No!
- Diana, please.
This is my last chance
to get home.
- Put the gun down.
Don't do this.
- No, no. Diana.
- No, no, no.
You're gonna be okay.
Diana.
- We have to get her to Sam.
- Diana, you're gonna be fine.
.
- Sam! Sam!
- What's going on over there?
- What happened?
- She took a shot,
I returned fire.
- Riley,
get the first aid kit.
Lay her flat.
- Okay. Okay.
I'm gonna lay you down.
- Stay calm and breathe, okay?
Come on, Diana.
Keep applying pressure.
Diana.
We're losing her.
Beginning CPR.
Come on, Diana.
She's gone.
- Gavin, listen to me.
Return to base now.
- I'm sorry, Agent Markman,
but you are gonna have
to shoot us down.
We're doing this.
- That doesn't look good.
- Jesus.
- Who did this to her?
- What the hell did you do?
- We're still
getting home, right?
- Fuel tank's damaged.
Plane's not going anywhere.
- What?
- We didn't want this
to happen.
- None of this
would have happened
if you two hadn't tried
to stop Levi.
- Everyone on that plane
would have died.
- You don't know that.
- So we're trapped here?
- No.
We still have time.
Gavin can still make it.
- Here we go.
Okay.
It's the F-15s.
- My F-15s are in position
to take you down.
Don't make me do this.
- We're not gonna
make it, Gavin.
- Yes, we are.
I can outmaneuver them.
- No, I'm sorry.
I thought it would work
this time.
- What do you mean
"this time"?
- You asked me before
what I was hiding.
I don't have time
to tell you everything,
but I can tell you this:
what's been happening to you
is for a reason.
- What reason?
What reason?
Hey, where are you going?
- Gavin, do you hear me?
We will fire.
- Rebecca,
please get back here.
- My destiny is down there,
but yours is here.
For now.
- What about my family?
- There's another way
to save them.
Go back to the beginning,
Gavin.
November 16, 1988.
Remember that date.
- Aldridge! Aldridge!
- Gavin, what was that?
- She jumped.
Aldridge jumped.
- Bring the plane down now.
- Ah, to hell with this.
I'm going down.
- Dad? Dad?
- Izzy?
- Dad, don't.
Dad, please.
They're gonna
shoot you down, Dad.
- Sir, we've got a clean lock.
Awaiting your order.
- Izzy, I can do this.
- Dad, please.
I can't lose you too.
Please.
- This is your last chance,
Gavin.
- Wait.
Markman, hold your fire.
I'm coming down.
- It didn't have
to go this way.
- Where's my daughter?
- With your sister.
- And what about the debris
at the dig site?
- It disappeared.
Looks like your wife
got your message.
Get him out of here.
- I told you
Dad wasn't gonna come.
Now we're stuck down here.
Because of you.
.